feat!: deprecate mgt-spfx package (#2940)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-toolkit: packages/mgt-components/README.md

### Why use a explicit function call for component registration?

This removes the registration of a component from being a side effect of importing the component, this allows for imperative disambiguation of web components without the need to rely on dynamic imports to ensure that disambiguation is configured before the import of the `@microsoft/mgt-components` library happens. It also provides for greater developer control.

## <a id="disambiguation">Disambiguation</a>

MGT is built using [web components](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Web_Components). Web components use their tag name as a unique key when registering within a browser. Any attempt to register a component using a previously registered tag name results in an error being thrown when calling `CustomElementRegistry.define()`. In scenarios where multiple custom applications can be loaded into a single page this created issues for MGT, most notably in developing solutions using SharePoint Framework.

> To allow developers to build web parts MGT and load them on pages along with other applications using MGT we've added a the disambiguation feature to MGT. Using this feature developers can specify a unique string to add to the tag name of all MGT web components in their application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To allow developers to build web parts with MGT and load them on pages along with other applications using MGT, we've added a disambiguation feature to MGT. Using this feature, developers can specify a unique string to add to the tag name of all MGT web components in their application.
```

MGT is built using [web components](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Web_Components). Web components use their tag name as a unique key when registering within a browser. Any attempt to register a component using a previously registered tag name results in an error being thrown when calling `CustomElementRegistry.define()`. In scenarios where multiple custom applications can be loaded into a single page this created issues for MGT, most notably in developing solutions using SharePoint Framework.

> To mitigate this challenge we built the, now deprecated, [`mgt-spfx`](https://github.com/microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-toolkit/tree/main/packages/mgt-spfx) package. Using `mgt-spfx` developers can centralize the registration of MGT web components across all SPFx solutions deployed on the tenant. By reusing MGT components from a central location web parts from different solutions can be loaded into a single page without throwing errors. When using `mgt-spfx` all MGT based web parts in a SharePoint tenant use the same version of MGT.

Reviewer: Do we really need to keep it there?

Author: That's fair, we should rework this paragraph

> Note: `withDisambiguation('foo')` must be called before registering the the desired components.

When developing SharePoint Framework web parts the pattern for using disambiguation is based on whether or not the MGT React wrapper library is being used. If you are using React then the helper utility in the [`mgt-spfx-utils`](https://github.com/microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-toolkit/tree/main/packages/mgt-spfx-utils) package can be used. SharePoint Framework web part example usages are provided below.

### Usage in a SharePoint web part with no framework

> This example is sourced from the [No Framework Web Part Sample](https://github.com/microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-toolkit/blob/main/samples/sp-mgt/src/webparts/helloWorld/HelloWorldWebPart.ts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example is sourced from the [No Framework Web Part Sample](https://github.com/pnp/mgt-samples/blob/main/samples/app/sp-mgt/src/webparts/helloWorld/HelloWorldWebPart.ts).
```
